[[Ernst Larnak]] begins shadowing the characters. Characters who have a passive **Wisdom (Perception) score of 14** or higher notice him doing so. If they confront him, he claims that he keeps a watchful eye on everyone in the district, though he doesn't mention the name of his employer. If the characters threaten him, he backs off and reports to Lady [[Fiona Wachter]] after he believes he's not being watched or pursued.
Lady Wachter is looking for powerful allies to help her oust Don [[Vargas Vallakovich]]. If Ernst tells her that he thinks the characters fit the bill, Lady Wachter has Ernst or her sons invite the characters to a private dinner at [[Wachterhaus]]. During the dinner, Lady Wachter determines whether the characters have the ability and the resolve to crush the don.
If the characters refuse her inivitation, or if they profess to be enemies of Strahd, Lady Wachter marks them as her enemies and sets out to destroy them without incriminating herself.

###### Development
Once she determines that the characters are her enemies, Lady Wachter hands Ernst a bag of 5 gp and instructs him to deliver it to the homeless at [[Vistani Park]] on the edge of the district, along with a letter from her that asks [[_The Vistani]] to dispose of the characters once they have the district. The Vistani burn the letter after reading it, as per Lady Wachter's request.
If the characters have rescued [[Arabelle]] (see [[Old Man Entranced]]), the Vistani return Lady Wachter's gold to Ernst and do nothing.
Otherwise, a Vistana bandit watches the border between [[Lower Vallaki]] and [[Krezk Valley]] and reports back to camp if the characters are sighted leaving. [[_The Vistani]], worried that the characters might be more than a match for them, send one emissary to inform [[Strahd, Eldritch Lord of Barovia CR 13]]. If [[Arrigal]] is alive, he makes the ride himself. Otherwise, the rider is a young Vistana bandit named [[Alexei]].