The characters can prevent this special event from occurring by returning the bones of St. Andral to the church house, [[St. Andral's Church of the Light]] or by destroying the vampire spawn hiding in the coffin maker's shop. If the characters stay in Lower Vallaki for three days or more and don't retrieve the bones or destroy the vampire spawn, Strahd visits the coffin maker's shop the following evening and orchestrates an attack on the church.
The vampire spawn begin the attack that night. They cling to the outer walls and roof of St. Andral's church while four swarms of bats enter the church through the belfry and terrify the congregation. As the townsfolk flee the church, the vampire spawn leap down and attack them.
During the chaos, Strahd enters the church in bat form, then reverts to vampire form and attacks Father Lucian. Unless the characters intervene, Strahd kills the priest before returning to The Lofts. If Father Lucian dies, locals bury his body in the church cemetery, whereupon it rises the following night as a vampire spawn under Strahd's control. If Rictavio (see [[Tyger, Tyger]]) learns of the priest's death, he suggests that the characters burn the priest's body to ensure that it doesn't rise from the dead.

###### Development
The attack on St. Andral's church terrorizes and demoralizes the district. After a few days, fear turns to misdirected rage as townsfolk blame the [[Precinct 7 - The Bonehouse]]. Captain "Mad Dog's" "All will be well!" mantra can't protect her from their wrath. Barring intervention by the characters, the precinct is set ablaze, and the captain and two other officers are dragged to Vallaki Gardens and stoned to death, all other officers flee and later show up in smaller groups in other precincts to terrorize the characters. If he is alive, Izek Strazni flees the district to avoid a similar fate. Where he hides is up to you, but likely locations include [[The Old Bonegrinder Mill]], [[The Fog Lantern]], or the ruins of [[Berez]].

If the characters thwart the attack on the church and protect Father Lucian, [[Strahd, Eldritch Lord of Barovia CR 13]] pays a visit to [[Wachterhaus]] and there composes a letter, which he asks Lady Wachter to deliver to the characters. The letter is written in Strahd's hand and extends an invitation to the characters to come to The Lofts. Lady Wachter orders her spy, Ernst Larnak, or one of her sons to take the letter to the characters. If the characters open and read it, show the players "Strahd's Invitation". If the characters head toward the skyscraper, they have no threatening random encounters on the way.