[[Karl Wachter]]and [[Nikolai Wachter Jr.]] are young, foolish men from the Wachter family. The drunken brothers sneak into [[Arasek Auto & Repair]] while everyone else is attending the festival at [[Vallaki Gardens]]. On a dare, one of them rocks the transport truck. The saber-toothed tiger locked inside becomes enraged and smashes through the truck door. The characters and everyone else in town hear the screams of the young men as the tiger escapes. The tiger flees the stockyard without harming the Wachters and begins to prowl the streets, looking for an escape. Reports of a tiger running loose in the streets ruin the festival and send townsfolk scurrying for their homes.
The saber-toothed tiger doesn't harm anyone until it takes damage, whereupon it attacks the perceived source of the damage. If he is still alive, [[Izek Stranzi]] gathers six police officers and hunts down the beast with the intention of killing it. Meanwhile, [[Rudy von Richten#**Rictavio**|Rictavio]] does his best to lure the beast back to his wagon while assuring townsfolk that it won't harm them.

###### Development
Captain Marla "Mad Dog" Carver of [[Precinct 7 - The Bonehouse]], doesn't do anything about the situation. Police Officers and local witnesses can be questioned. The Wachter boys feign innocence, insisting that they were at the festival, but Gunther and Yelena Arasek admit to hearing "evil growls" and scratching sounds coming from inside the carnival wagon parked in their stockyard. When pressed, the Araseks admit to seeing the wagon's "weird owner" routinely drop food into the wagon through a hatch in the roof. They also confess that the half-elf paid them for their silence.
After the captain learns that the tiger belongs to Rictavio, she commands her officers to arrest the mysterious bard. If Rictavio thinks the characters can help him, he asks them to distract the captain and the officers while he gathers his horse, wagon, and tiger (in that order).
If the characters ask Rictavio where he plans to go, he tells them about an abandoned amusement park to the west where he can lie low (see [[The Abandoned Amusement Park]] In Krezk Valley).