## Key NPCs
- [[Henrik van der Voort]]
- [[CR3 The Feral Nightstalker]]

>This uninviting building is short and squat and has a sign outside that simply reads "Morgue." All of the window shutters are closed up tight and a deathly silence surrounds the white bricked building.

Henrik van der Voort (LE male human commoner) is a mediocre doctor and a troubled, lonely man. He profits from the 'deaths of others, and no one desires his company, because of the ghastly nature of his handiwork. One night several months ago, Strahd visited Henrik
in the guise of an imposing, well-dressed businessman named Vasili von Holtz and promised the mortician "good business" in exchange for his help. Since then, Henrik's morgue has become the lair of a pack of [[CR3 The Feral Nightstalker]] turned by [[Strahd, Eldritch Lord of Barovia CR 13]]. These vampires are lying low for the time being.
The vampires plan to attack [[St. Andral's Church of the Light]] (see "[[St. Andral's Feast]]"). When Henrik learned about the sacred bones buried under the church, the vampire spawn ordered him to steal the bones, which Henrik paid [[Milivoj]] the gravedigger (see area Nl) to do.
Every window of the morgue is a latticework of iron fitted with squares of frosted glass and locked from the inside. The outside doors of the building are barred shut from within. If the characters knock on one of them, Henrik shouts, "We're closed! Go away!" without opening the door. If the characters accuse Henrik of stealing the bones of St. Andral, he shouts again, "Go away! Leave me alone!"
If the characters break into the store, Henrik offers no resistance. He tells them where to find the bones (in a cabinet in the downstairs lab) and the vampire nest (in the downstairs storage room).
If the characters report the theft of the bones to the local police, the police precinct dispatches two police officers to arrest Henrik and retrieve the bones. If the police show up during daylight hours, Henrik surrenders himself and the bones without a fight, claiming that vampires forced him to steal the bones. The officers won't believe this and suggest he be sent to the asylum. If the guards come at night, Henrik surrenders himself and tells the officers where the bones are hidden, but he won't retrieve the bones himself for fear of being killed by the vampires.